Problem 12. Development Environments

An integrated development environment (IDE) or interactive development environment is a software application that 
provides comprehensive facilities to computer programmers for software development. An IDE normally consists of a 
source code editor, build automation tools and a debugger. Most modern IDEs offer Intelligent code completion feature.

1. Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer 
programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses 
Microsoft software development platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, 
Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code and managed code. VS supports different 
programing languages, such as C#, C/C++, VB.NET, F#, also other languages such as M, Python, and Ruby among others 
is available via language services installed separately. It also supports XML/XSLT, HTML/XHTML, JavaScript and CSS.

2. Eclipse is an integrated development environment and contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system 
for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of 
various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, 
C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby, Scala, Clojure, 
Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java 
and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.
The Eclipse software development kit (SDK), which includes the Java development tools, is meant for Java developers. 
Users can extend its abilities by installing plug-ins written for the Eclipse Platform, such as development toolkits 
for other programming languages, and can write and contribute their own plug-in modules.

3. NetBeans is an integrated development environment for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages,
 in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
 The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

4. Android Studio is an integrated development editor developed by Google for Android applications. It was inspired by 
JeBrains’s IntelliJ IDEA, a general purpose IDE that encases a state-of-the-art collection of tools for code writing and testing. 
The package that wraps Android Studio includes the IDE, the latest Android SDK tools for testing and debugging, as well as 
the Android platform for compilation and the Android system image that functions as an emulator.




